More editorial updates (#7)
MicrosoftDocs/terminal: TerminalDocs/customize-settings/key-bindings.md

{ "command": "commandName", "keys": "modifiers+key" }
```

> For example, this default setting uses the shortcut key "alt+F4" to close the terminal window:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, this default setting uses the shortcut key <kbd>alt+F4</kbd> to close the terminal window:
```

```json
{ "command": "closeWindow", "keys": "alt+f4" }
```

### Commands with arguments

```json
{ "command": { "action": "commandName", "argument": "value" }, "keys": "modifiers+key" }
```

> For example, this default setting uses the shortcut key "ctrl+shift+1" to open a new tab in the terminal based on whatever command line is listed first in your dropdown menu (typically this will open the PowerShell profile):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, this default setting uses the shortcut key <kbd>ctrl+shift+1</kbd> to open a new tab in the terminal based on whichever profile is listed first in your dropdown menu (typically this will open the PowerShell profile):
```
